# SIH-DR712
Smart India Hackathon Problem Solution

https://sih.gov.in/sih2022PS
Problem Statement:DR712

Background: Retirement of faculties and appointment of faculties in colleges is not standardised in our country. While retirements are mandatory on superannuation, steps to fill up the vacancy that arises immediately is lacking. When a vacancy arises in the middle of the academic year on account of the superannuation of a faculty, the students are the victims. There should be state or National registry or databank to assess the actual faculty requirement college-wise keeping in view the date of retirement and number of teachers who retire, so that recruitment process can start well in advance and the faculty is readily available as soon as a faculty retires. Standard of education in India cannot be improved unless we fill all the vacancies every year selecting suitable candidates. Summary: Faculty’s appointment in colleges tend to be slow in our country when there is an immediate need of faculty. This happens because in so short notice it is impossible to get a faculty for the college. This problem makes the students victim where they lack behind in their academics. Addressing this problem can help in appointing faculties in a very roburst process. Objective: : We need you to create an app which will indicate the future vacancies and positions so that proper planning of recruitment is possible. All the data of faculties who are retiring or leaving the institute should be updated in the app and simultaneously find out faculties for that position who are ready to join. This would help to decrease in manually searching for faculties and automatically find and contact the faculties who are interested to join.
